             SANCTIONS AND ACTIONS AFFECTING LICENSURE (FY 2025)
ANDERS, Joel William – Commission Reprimand on August 30, 2024, for failing to safekeep
funds in an attorney trust account and disbursing funds from an attorney trust account when the
disbursement created a negative balance with respect to an individual client matter or all client
matters in the aggregate. The Respondent failed to deposit his client’s unearned retainer payments
into an attorney trust account and failed to maintain the required trust account ledgers and monthly
reconciliations.
BAUM, Matthew Adam – Temporary Suspension on February 21, 2025, effective immediately,
pending further Order from the Supreme Court of Maryland.
COCHRAN, Gill Andrew – Commission Reprimand on January 17, 2025, for failing to abide by
the scope of the representation, failing to represent his client diligently, failing to adequately
communicate with his client, failing to take steps to protect his client’s interest upon termination
of the representation, and engaging in conduct that is prejudicial to the administration of justice.
The Respondent was retained to represent a client in a criminal matter and failed to appropriately
withdraw from the case. After the client terminated the representation and hired new counsel, the
Respondent accepted the State’s plea offer in the case without communicating with the client.
COHEN, Nancy Ann – Commission Reprimand on June 30, 2025, for failing to represent her client
diligently, failing to adequately communicate with her client, and failing to reasonably expedite
litigation. The Respondent failed to draft and submit a settlement agreement in a worker’s
compensation case for over two years.
DAVIS, Mary Elizabeth – Suspension for thirty days on July 9, 2024, effective nunc pro tunc to
July 29, 2023, stayed under the conditions imposed by the Supreme Court of Maryland, in a
reciprocal action from the District of Columbia for representing a client involving a conflict of
interest and engaging in conduct that is prejudicial to the administration of justice. The Respondent
failed to obtain her client’s informed consent regarding a conflict of interest.
DAVIS, Philip Allen – Suspension by Consent for 150 days on January 27, 2025, effective
immediately, for committing a criminal act that reflects adversely on his honesty, trustworthiness,
or fitness as an attorney; engaging in conduct involving dishonesty, fraud, deceit, or
misrepresentation; and engaging in conduct that is prejudicial to the administration of justice. The
Respondent pled guilty to one count of stalking.
ELAN, Evan Stuart – Disbarment by Consent on November 25, 2024, effective immediately, in a
reciprocal action from Virginia and the District of Columbia, for failing to represent his clients
competently and diligently, failing to adequately communicate with his clients, failing to take steps
to protect his clients’ interests upon termination of the representation, and engaging in conduct
involving dishonesty, fraud, deceit, or misrepresentation.          The Respondent abandoned
representation of multiple clients.
FARRAR, Perneita Montrece – Commission Reprimand on April 24, 2025, for failing to recognize
a conflict of interest as a government employee and engaging in conduct that is prejudicial to the
administration of justice. While employed by the Baltimore County Office of Law and assigned
to represent the Baltimore County Department of Corrections, the Respondent provided an
incarcerated individual with information relating to claims against the detention center. Each time
she visited the incarcerated individual at the detention center, the Respondent used her Maryland
State Bar card and was permitted a professional legal visit, even though she was not representing
him in his criminal matter.
FRANKLIN, Jamel R. – Disbarment by Consent on December 23, 2024, effective immediately,
for committing a criminal act that reflects adversely on his honesty, trustworthiness, or fitness as
an attorney; and engaging in conduct involving dishonesty, fraud, deceit, or misrepresentation.
The Respondent pled guilty to one count of perjury in violation of Maryland Code, Criminal Law
§ 9-101; and one count of theft over $100,000.00 in violation of Maryland Code, Criminal Law
§ 7-104.
GALLAGHER, Michele Yvonne – Indefinite Suspension by Consent on September 23, 2024,
effective immediately, with reinstatement conditioned on the satisfactory report of a healthcare
professional, for committing a criminal act that reflects adversely on her honesty, trustworthiness,
or fitness as an attorney; engaging in conduct involving dishonesty, fraud, deceit, or
misrepresentation; and engaging in conduct that is prejudicial to the administration of justice. The
Respondent entered an Alford Plea to one count of conspiracy to commit second degree assault.
GLENN, IV, Robert Edwin – Disbarment by Consent on July 29, 2024, effective immediately, in
a reciprocal action from West Virginia, Virginia, and the District of Columbia, for engaging in
conduct involving dishonesty, fraud, deceit, or misrepresentation. Over the course of eight years,
the Respondent improperly received over $35,000.00 from his former law firm as reimbursement
for expenses incurred while representing a client. The Respondent used the funds for personal
expenses unrelated to client matters.
GORMLEY, Brian R. – Reprimand by Consent on December 19, 2024, for representing clients
involving a conflict of interest and failing to uphold his responsibilities as a partner in a law firm.
Without the informed consent of each potentially affected client, the Respondent represented
clients in a matter where the position to be taken by the clients was adverse to a position taken or
to be taken by another client in the same matter, even though the second client was represented by
different counsel. The Respondent, as a partner in his law firm, failed to make reasonable efforts
to ensure his firm had in effect measures giving reasonable assurance that the conduct of the
lawyers in the firm conformed to the Rules of Professional Conduct, specifically by failing to
ensure conflicts were screened when opening new cases.
GUNDLACH, Phillip L. – Commission Reprimand on July 8, 2024, for failing to adequately
communicate with his client, failing to take steps to protect his client’s interest upon termination
of the representation, and failing to maintain candor to the tribunal. The Respondent represented
a client in a divorce matter and sent correspondence to his client via mail to his home address and
via email despite learning his client had become incarcerated. The client, therefore, was not aware
of the Respondent’s motion to withdraw his representation. The client received a default judgment
as a result of his failure to appear at a court date that occurred while he was incarcerated.
HARDY, II, James Roger – Suspension by Consent for 120 days on July 25, 2024, effective nunc
pro tunc to October 25, 2022, in a reciprocal action from Connecticut, for violating the State of
Connecticut Rules of Professional Conduct. The Respondent failed to represent his clients
diligently; failed to adequately communicate with his clients; collected unreasonable fees; failed
to return unearned fees upon the termination of representation; failed to reasonably expedite
litigation; engaged in conduct involving dishonesty, fraud, deceit, or misrepresentation; and
engaged in conduct that is prejudicial to the administration of justice. The Respondent also
attempted to settle a grievance claim with a former client without advising the client in writing of
the desirability of seeking the advice of independent legal counsel and providing a reasonable
opportunity to seek same. On July 25, 2024, the Supreme Court of Maryland ordered the
Respondent’s reinstatement, effective nunc pro tunc to February 23, 2023.
HAUFRECT, Mark Stephen – Commission Reprimand on January 29, 2025, for failing to
represent his clients competently and diligently and failing to properly supervise non-attorney
assistants. The Respondent was a founder of a nonprofit immigration legal services organization.
During the course of representing the nonprofit organization’s clients, the Respondent failed to
appropriately supervise the organization’s non-attorney staff and failed to provide competent and
diligent representation to these clients.
IBEBUCHI, Ferdinand Uchechukwu – Commission Reprimand on June 18, 2025, for failing to
represent his clients competently and diligently, failing to adequately communicate with his
clients, collecting unreasonable fees, and failing to take steps to protect his clients’ interests upon
termination of the representation. The Respondent engaged in professional misconduct while
representing clients in six individual matters. The Respondent missed or was late for scheduled
telephone meetings with a client and asked the client for help editing his draft of her complaint.
Another client’s appeal was dismissed twice for the Respondent’s failure to file any brief on her
behalf. The Respondent failed to file any opposition to a motion to dismiss another client’s appeal,
which resulted in the dismissal of the appeal. The Respondent then failed to take action to assist
that client with reinstating the appeal.
IGWE, Chukwuemeka Uchenna – Reprimand on January 27, 2025, in a reciprocal action from
Pennsylvania for violating the Pennsylvania Rules of Professional Conduct in failing to adequately
communicate with his client, collecting unreasonable fees, and engaging in conduct that is
prejudicial to the administration of justice. In representing a client in connection with a Special
Needs Trust, the Respondent charged an excessive fee, performed minimal work, and failed to
adequately explain the matter to the client.
JOHNS, Kosmas Nicholas – Commission Reprimand on April 2, 2025, for failing to represent his
clients competently and diligently and engaging in conduct that is prejudicial to the administration
of justice. The Respondent repeatedly failed to comply with disclosure of compensation
requirements in bankruptcy cases in which he was involved as the debtor’s attorney.
JOHNSON, Bruce Allen, Jr. – Disbarred on January 27, 2025, effective immediately, in a
reciprocal action from the District of Columbia, for failing to safekeep funds in an attorney trust
account. In its Opinion, the District of Columbia Court of Appeals concluded that the Respondent
had engaged in the reckless misappropriation of funds.
KIM, Weon Geun – Commission Reprimand on May 21, 2025, in a reciprocal action from the
Virginia State Bar Disciplinary Board, for failing to safekeep funds in an attorney trust account
and commingling funds. The Respondent left personal funds in his trust account, deposited
unearned fees into his operating account, and kept clients’ checks for unearned fees in a desk
drawer rather than depositing them into his trust account. There was, however, no evidence of
misappropriation.
KOH, Francis Huisuk – Suspension by Consent for six months on August 27, 2024, effective nunc
pro tunc to May 17, 2024, in a reciprocal action from Virginia, for failing to represent his clients
competently and diligently; failing to properly supervise a non-attorney assistant; engaging in
conduct involving dishonesty, fraud, deceit, or misrepresentation; and engaging in conduct that is
prejudicial to the administration of justice. The Respondent failed to provide competent and
diligent representation in representing foreign domiciled trademark applicants before the United
States Patent and Trademark Office.
KURLAND, Sari Karson – Disbarment by Consent on May 21, 2025, effective immediately, for
failing to maintain candor to a tribunal; knowingly disobeying obligations under the rules of a
tribunal; engaging in conduct involving dishonesty, fraud, deceit, or misrepresentation; and
engaging in conduct that is prejudicial to the administration of justice. Bar Counsel filed a Petition
for Temporary Restraining Order and Preliminary Injunction against the Respondent that alleged
that the Respondent had misappropriated client funds and had violated several of the Maryland
Attorneys’ Rules of Professional Conduct. The court granted the Motion for Temporary
Restraining Order by consent as to the entry of a preliminary injunction. Bar Counsel filed four
separate petitions for contempt, charging that the Respondent had violated the terms of the consent
preliminary injunction. The Respondent consented to a finding of contempt of the injunction. Bar
Counsel subsequently filed two additional contempt petitions relating to additional conduct
violative of the injunction, and the Respondent consented to the entry of a second finding of
contempt.
LANTON, Ferrial Hussein – Temporary Suspension on March 21, 2025, effective immediately,
pending the resolution of the criminal charges against the Respondent in the District of Columbia.
MAHONE, Daniel Quinn – Commission Reprimand on April 2, 2025, for failing to represent his
client competently and diligently and failing to adequately communicate with his client. The
Respondent failed to promptly and timely pursue his client’s civil action in court with correctly
named parties or within sufficient time to make necessary amendments. The court denied the
Respondent’s motion to amend and granted the proper defendant’s motion to dismiss, citing the
incorrect party listed as the defendant and the tolling of the statute of limitations prior to notice
upon the proper defendant.
MAHONEY, John P. – Suspension by Consent for sixty days on September 25, 2024, effective
nunc pro tunc to July 13, 2024, with all but thirty days stayed in favor of one year of probation
with the terms imposed by the District of Columbia Court of Appeals, in a reciprocal action from
the District of Columbia, for failing to adequately communicate with his clients, failing to take
steps to protect his clients’ interests upon termination of the representation, and failing to properly
supervise attorneys. In six client matters, the Respondent failed to take reasonable steps to ensure
two subordinate attorneys complied with their ethical duties to clients and failed to take reasonable
remedial action to avoid or mitigate the consequences of the subordinates’ conduct. In four of the
matters, the Respondent personally failed to respond to his clients’ reasonable requests for
information, and in three of the matters, the Respondent personally failed to protect his clients’
interests as the representation was ending.
MARSHALL, Brian Keith – Indefinite Suspension by Consent on January 27, 2025, effective
immediately, for failing to represent his client competently and diligently, failing to adequately
communicate with his client, failing to withdraw from representing his client when discharged,
failing to take steps to protect his client’s interest upon termination of the representation,
knowingly making false statements to Bar Counsel, and knowingly failing to respond to Bar
Counsel. The Respondent failed to respond to his client’s reasonable requests for information
about her worker’s compensation case and, after she discharged him, he took no substantial steps
to withdraw from her case.
MAYERS, Sheila Bridget Thurmond – Temporary Suspension on September 23, 2024, in a
reciprocal action from the District of Columbia and Virginia, pending further Order from the
Supreme Court of Maryland.
O’NEILL, Brian David – Disbarred on September 24, 2024, effective immediately, in a reciprocal
action from the District of Columbia, for committing a criminal act that reflects adversely on his
honesty, trustworthiness, or fitness as an attorney; engaging in conduct involving dishonesty,
fraud, deceit, or misrepresentation; and engaging in conduct that is prejudicial to the administration
of justice. In the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, the Respondent pled
guilty to two counts of wire fraud.
PISNER, Gary – Disbarred on March 5, 2025, effective immediately, for failing to represent his
client competently, failing to safekeep unearned funds in a trust account, filing frivolous pleadings,
knowingly disobeying obligations under the rules of a tribunal, and engaging in conduct that is
prejudicial to the administration of justice. The Respondent’s misconduct arose from his
representation of himself in various matters relating to a revocable trust. The Respondent engaged
in the intentional misappropriation of trust assets, failed to comply with court orders, and engaged
in a persistent pattern of vexatious and frivolous litigation, causing harm to others, and burdening
the judicial system.
SNYDER, Stephen Lawrence – Temporary Suspension on January 27, 2025, subject to further
Order of the Supreme Court of Maryland, following the Respondent’s conviction in the United
States District Court for the District of Maryland of one count of attempted extortion and seven
counts of violating the Travel Act.
SOUTHERLAND, Janel Asheley – Suspension by Consent for thirty days on January 27, 2025,
stayed in favor of one year of probation with the terms contained in the Probation Agreement, for
failing to safekeep funds in an attorney trust account; and failing to comply with attorney trust
account record-keeping, monthly reconciliation, and prohibited transaction requirements. The
Respondent overdrew her attorney trust account and made nine cash withdrawals. Additionally,
the Respondent failed to reconcile her trust account and failed to maintain copies of cancelled
checks, ledgers, and receipts relating to transactions in her trust account.
STEWART, Craig W. – Disbarment by Consent on February 3, 2025, effective immediately, for
failing to represent his client diligently; failing to adequately communicate with his client;
engaging in the unauthorized practice of law; and engaging in conduct involving dishonesty, fraud,
deceit, or misrepresentation. On April 8, 2021, the Respondent had been indefinitely suspended
by consent for routinely failing to deposit and maintain unearned fees in his attorney trust account
and instead depositing those fees into his operating account. The Respondent knowingly engaged
in the practice of law while his license to practice law was suspended.
STROUD, Barron LeGrant, Jr. – Temporary Suspension on February 21, 2025, effective
immediately, pending further Order from the Supreme Court of Maryland, following referrals from
the Child Support Administration regarding the Respondent’s child support arrearages.
TINGWEI, Susan Engonwei – Disbarment by Consent on June 27, 2025, effective immediately,
for committing a criminal act that reflects adversely on her honesty, trustworthiness, or fitness as
an attorney; engaging in conduct involving dishonesty, fraud, deceit, or misrepresentation; and
engaging in conduct that is prejudicial to the administration of justice. The Respondent pled guilty
to one count of health care fraud in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1347.
WALDECK, Robert P. – Disbarred on July 25, 2024, effective immediately, in a reciprocal action
from the District of Columbia, for failing to represent his clients diligently; failing to adequately
communicate with his clients; failing to safekeep funds in an attorney trust account; failing to take
steps to protect his clients’ interests upon termination of the representation; engaging in conduct
involving dishonesty, fraud, deceit, or misrepresentation; and engaging in conduct that is
prejudicial to the administration of justice. While representing five different clients in employment
matters, the Respondent intentionally misappropriated trust funds, commingled client funds with
funds in his operating account, recklessly failed to determine the amount held in trust for each
client, delayed settlement negotiations, failed to meet litigation deadlines, and abandoned his
clients.
WALKER, Doris – Commission Reprimand on February 28, 2025, for failing to represent her
client diligently, failing to adequately communicate with her client, charging unreasonable fees,
failing to take steps to protect her client’s interest upon termination of the representation, failing
to reasonably expedite litigation, and engaging in conduct that is prejudicial to the administration
of justice. In a personal injury matter, the Respondent failed to provide a draft settlement offer to
her client for review and failed to provide any settlement offer to the insurer, despite the
Respondent’s assurances that she would do so. Upon termination of the representation, the
Respondent refused to provide her client with a copy of her case file and demanded a $2,500.00
payment for its release. The client never received an invoice justifying the requested $2,500.00
and never received a copy of the case file. In addition, the Respondent failed to cooperate with
Bar Counsel during the investigation process.
WERSANT, Paul Gerard – Temporary Suspension on February 21, 2025, effective immediately,
pending further Order from the Supreme Court of Maryland, based on a reciprocal action from the
United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida, Orlando Division, and pending the
resolution of criminal charges against the Respondent in the Superior Court of Forsyth County,
Georgia.
WHITTED, Stephen E. – Indefinite Suspension on August 1, 2024, effective immediately, for
filing frivolous pleadings; engaging in conduct involving dishonesty, fraud, deceit, or
misrepresentation; and engaging in conduct that is prejudicial to the administration of justice. The
Respondent repeatedly filed retaliatory, meritless claims against his ex-wife, her new husband, her
attorneys, and judges who ruled against him; filed meritless appeals; repeated failed arguments;
and ignored court rulings.
WOJAHN, Patrick Lewis – Disbarment by Consent on March 21, 2025, effective immediately, for
committing criminal acts that reflect adversely on his honesty, trustworthiness, or fitness as an
attorney; and engaging in conduct that is prejudicial to the administration of justice. The
Respondent pled guilty to 140 counts of possession and distribution of child pornography.
YEATMAN, Francis Edward – Disbarred on November 22, 2024, for failing to represent his
clients competently and diligently, failing to adequately communicate with his clients, knowingly
failing to respond to Bar Counsel, and engaging in conduct that is prejudicial to the administration
of justice. The Respondent failed to communicate with, and effectively abandoned, his clients in
two separate estate matters. In addition, in connection with Bar Counsel’s investigation, the
Respondent failed to respond to requests for information by Bar Counsel.
