             SANCTIONS AND ACTIONS AFFECTING LICENSURE (FY 2026)
BRENT, Duncan Kenner – Temporary Suspension on July 25, 2025, in a reciprocal action from
Virginia and the District of Columbia, pending further Order from the Supreme Court of Maryland.
BROWN, Warren Anthony – Commission Reprimand on November 25, 2025, for failing to
represent his clients competently, failing to adequately communicate with his clients, collecting
unreasonable fees, and failing to take steps to protect his clients’ interests upon termination of the
representation. The Respondent’s retainer agreements included language that his flat fee was
“fully earned upon receipt.” In a criminal case, the Respondent did not keep records of his visits
to the jail to visit his client, documentation of hours worked on the case, or notes reflecting the
nature and extent of work performed.
CAMERON, Justin Gregory – Commission Reprimand on January 27, 2026, for failing to
represent his clients competently and diligently and failing to comply with attorney trust account
record-keeping, monthly reconciliation, and prohibited transaction requirements. The Respondent
overdrew his attorney trust account three times and performed reconciliations “periodically”
instead of monthly. A review of the Respondent’s law firm ledgers revealed discrepancies in
payments into and out of the attorney trust account.
CHEN, Le – Commission Reprimand on February 25, 2026, for failing to adequately communicate
with his client and engaging in conduct that is prejudicial to the administration of justice. In an
immigration matter, the Respondent failed to respond to his client’s communication attempts and
had in fact blocked her telephone number and blacklisted her on the WeChat app. The Respondent
falsely advised the client that he had contacted the immigration court and that the client did not
need to appear for a hearing, when the Respondent had in fact relied on information from his
client’s former counsel’s paralegal. When the client failed to appear at the hearing, the
Immigration Judge signed a deportation order.
DEAN, Cendoria Yvonne – Indefinite Suspension by Consent on November 6, 2025, effective
January 5, 2026, for failing to represent her clients competently, failing to safekeep funds in an
attorney trust account, failing to promptly deliver funds that a third party was entitled to receive,
and failing to comply with attorney trust account prohibited transaction requirements. The
Respondent overdrew her attorney trust account. In her personal injury practice, the Respondent
referred many of her clients to a particular doctor for treatment, and a review of the Respondent’s
attorney trust account and related client ledgers revealed numerous failures of the Respondent to
pay the doctor his fees in a timely manner after receiving her clients’ settlement checks.
EDELSTEIN, David Andrew – Disbarment by Consent on August 18, 2025, effective
immediately, for committing a criminal act that reflects adversely on his honesty, trustworthiness,
or fitness as an attorney; and engaging in conduct that is prejudicial to the administration of justice.
The Respondent pled guilty to two counts of possession of child pornography.
GEPHARDT, Mary Ella – Suspension by Consent for ninety days on December 10, 2025, stayed
in favor of one year of probation with the terms contained in the Revised Probation Agreement,
for failing to represent her clients competently and diligently, failing to adequately communicate
with her clients, and failing to communicate to her clients the scope of the representation and the
basis or rate of the fee and expenses for which her clients would be responsible before or within a
reasonable time after commencing the representation. In a matter where the Respondent was hired
to file a petition to modify child support, the Respondent failed to ever file the petition she drafted
and failed to convey the status of the petition to her client. In a matter where the Respondent was
hired to settle an estate, the Respdonent completed a required real property sale and received
settlement funds but failed to remit the funds to her client for approximately four months.
GHAFOOR, Asim Abdur Rahman – Disbarment by Consent on March 31, 2026, effective
immediately, following a Temporary Suspension on October 23, 2025, in a reciprocal action from
the Department of Justice, for committing a criminal act that reflects adversely on his honesty,
trustworthiness, or fitness as an attorney; engaging in conduct involving dishonesty, fraud, deceit,
or misrepresentation; and engaging in conduct that is prejudicial to the administration of justice.
In the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan, the Respondent pled guilty
to one count of filing a false tax return.
GILLESPIE, Tristan Wade – Indefinite Suspension on November 21, 2025, effective immediately,
with the right to petition for reinstatement after one year and after readmission to practice law in
the district court, in a reciprocal action from the United States District Court for the District of
Maryland, for failing to maintain candor to the tribunal, failing to maintain fairness to opposing
parties and counsel, and knowingly making a false statement of material fact or law to a third
person or failing to disclose a material fact when disclosure is necessary to avoid assisting a
criminal or fraudulent act by a client. The Respondent’s misconduct involved repeated instances
of dishonesty to tribunals in hundreds of cases.
HAFFNER, Julian Arnold – Suspension for sixty days on March 20, 2026, to be followed by one
year of probation, in a reciprocal action from the United States Patent and Trademark Office
(“USPTO”) for violations of the USPTO Rules of Professional Conduct. The Respondent entered
into an agreement with a law firm in India that provided for payment for the Respondent to serve
as attorney of record for trademark applications that the Indian law firm pre-prepared. The
Respondent failed to adequately review trademark applications for which he served as attorney of
record; failed to put proper procedures in place to ensure the Indian firm’s employees complied
with USPTO signature requirements, which led to impermissibly signed trademark applications
being filed with the USPTO; allowed the Indian firm’s employees to prepare and file trademark
applications that bore his attorney credentials so as to appear that he had adequately reviewed the
applications when he had not; sponsored prohibited persons for USPTO.gov support staff
accounts; and failed to provide the Office of Enrollment and Discipline with copies of certain
documents as requested.
HAMILTON, Judith Marie – Disbarred on January 27, 2026, effective immediately, for failing to
represent her client competently and diligently, failing to adequately communicate with her client,
collecting unreasonable fees, failing to safekeep funds in an attorney trust account, failing to take
steps to protect her client’s interest upon termination of the representation, knowingly failing to
respond to Bar Counsel, and engaging in conduct that is prejudicial to the administration of justice.
The Respondent’s misconduct arose from her representation of a client in his divorce proceedings
and from her lack of cooperation in Bar Counsel’s subsequent investigation into her conduct.
HAMLIN, Sonya Nicole – Indefinite Suspension by Consent on August 20, 2025, effective
immediately, with reinstatement conditioned on the completion of certain continuing legal
education courses, for failing to represent her client competently and diligently; failing to
communicate to her client the scope of the representation and the basis or rate of the fee and
expenses for which her client would be responsible before or within a reasonable time after
commencing the representation; failing to safekeep funds in an attorney trust account; failing to
comply with attorney trust account record-keeping and monthly reconciliation requirements;
failing to take steps to protect her client’s interest upon termination of the representation; engaging
in conduct involving dishonesty, fraud, deceit, or misrepresentation; and using trust money for
purposes other than the purpose for which the money is entrusted. The Respondent deposited
unearned fees into her personal bank account and used unearned fees to pay her office rent and
other expenses. The Respondent failed to keep any type of record of hours worked on her client’s
case and had no written agreement to define the agreed scope of representation or when any portion
of the fee would be considered earned, both when the Respondent was initially retained and when
the Respondent and her client decided to change the scope, goals, and total fee for the
representation.
HECHT, Spencer Michael – Disbarred on March 20, 2026, effective immediately, for failing to
represent his clients competently and diligently; failing to adequately communicate with his
clients, collecting unreasonable fees; failing to uphold his duty to a former client; failing to
safekeep funds in an attorney trust account; failing to take steps to protect his clients’ interests
upon termination of the representation; knowingly failing to disclose facts to Bar Counsel
necessary to correct a misapprehension; engaging in conduct involving dishonesty, fraud, deceit,
or misrepresentation; and engaging in conduct that is prejudicial to the administration of justice.
The Respondent, among other misconduct, lost his client’s signed post-nuptial agreement,
concealed from the client the fact that he lost the document, and refused to issue a timely refund
for the cost of preparation of the document. The Respondent misrepresented to another client that
he was filing a motion that he had no intention of filing, filed an expert witness designation falsely
stating that the expert was preparing a report in the client’s case when he knew that the expert was
not, and signed an affidavit for opposing counsel that was harmful to his then-former client. In
addition, the Respondent made an unauthorized charge on another client’s credit card.
JOHNSON, Melanie Murray – Commission Reprimand on October 25, 2025, in a reciprocal action
from the District of Columbia, for failing to abide by the scope of representation, failing to consult
with the client as to the means by which the objectives of the representation were to be pursued,
failing to represent her client diligently, failing to adequately communicate with her client, and
failing to explain a matter to the extent reasonably necessary to permit the client to make informed
decisions about the representation. The Respondent’s misconduct arose from her representation
of a client who sought assistance in resolving overdue condominium fees.
JORGENSTEIN, Paul Victor – Commission Reprimand on November 25, 2025, for committing a
criminal act that reflects adversely on his honesty, trustworthiness, or fitness as an attorney. The
Respondent pled guilty to one count of assault in the second degree and accepted probation before
judgment.
KING, Marnitta Lanette – Indefinite Suspension on July 18, 2025, effective August 17, 2025, with
the right to petition for reinstatement after six months conditioned on the Respondent’s agreement
to a probationary period of not less than one year to include a practice monitor and other
appropriate conditions, for failing to represent her clients competently and diligently, failing to
adequately communicate with her clients, collecting unreasonable fees, failing to recognize a
conflict of interest, failing to safekeep unearned fees in an attorney trust account, failing to
withdraw from representing her client when continued representation would result in violation of
the Maryland Attorneys’ Rules of Professional Conduct, knowingly failing to respond to Bar
Counsel, and engaging in conduct that is prejudicial to the administration of justice. The
Respondent failed to keep her clients reasonably informed about the status of their cases; failed to
perform meaningful legal services in furtherance of their cases; improperly collected a flat fee;
failed to recognize a conflict of interest and contributed to that conflict by filing suit against a
client; and failed to comply with Bar Counsel’s investigations.
KOONTZ, Glen Franklin – Commission Reprimand on January 30, 2026, in a reciprocal action
from Virginia, for failing to communicate to his client the scope of the representation and the basis
or rate of the fee and expenses for which his client would be responsible before or within a
reasonable time after commencing the representation. The Respondent failed to explain his legal
fees to his client in a divorce matter within a reasonable time after undertaking the representation
when he did not regularly represent the client.
KOVSKY, David Solomon – Commission Reprimand on March 4, 2026, for failing to represent
his client competently, failing to safekeep funds in an attorney trust account, failing to properly
supervise attorneys, and practicing law in a jurisdiction in violation of the regulation of the legal
profession in that jurisdiction. The Respondent, a Pennsylvania attorney, filed an estate matter in
Montgomery County and was appointed as one of two Co-Personal Representatives. Three months
later, the Respondent became the sole Personal Representative upon the other’s resignation.
Despite his significant experience with estate and trust matters, the Respondent was not a member
of the Maryland Bar, lacked experience with Maryland probates, failed to adequately familiarize
himself with Maryland law, and failed to retain or associate with an experienced Maryland probate
attorney to represent him in the estate matter. The Respondent assigned work to and supervised
an associate in his law firm who also was not admitted to practice law in Maryland. These failures
led to the Respondent using estate funds to pay attorneys’ fees and commissions without first
obtaining consent or court approval. Upon learning of his error, however, the Respondent took
remedial action.
MARONICK, Thomas Joseph, Jr. – Commission Reprimand on September 22, 2025, for failing
to represent his clients competently and diligently; failing to abide by the scope of the
representation; failing to adequately communicate with his clients; failing to recognize a conflict
of interest; failing to safekeep funds in an attorney trust account; failing to make required deposits
in an attorney trust account; failing to comply with attorney trust account record-keeping, monthly
reconciliation, and prohibited transaction requirements; failing to properly supervise attorneys and
a non-attorney assistant; and engaging in conduct that is prejudicial to the administration of justice.
In a personal injury action, the Respondent assigned an attorney associated with his firm as “of
counsel” to his client’s case. The Respondent failed to adequately supervise the attorney, who
failed to timely respond to discovery, failed to respond to motions, failed to adequately
communicate with the client, failed to timely identify experts, and failed to appear for a properly
noted deposition, resulting in sanctions being entered against the client. When the Respondent
became aware of the attorney’s errors in the case, the Respondent failed to competently and
diligently correct or ameliorate the errors. In a criminal matter, the Respondent was unavailable
on his client’s trial date and asked another attorney associated with the firm as “of counsel” to
appear to request a postponement or plead a jury trial. The Respondent failed to advise his client
that he was unavailable for the trial date or that another attorney would be appearing that day to
request a postponement. As a result, his client insisted on proceeding to trial that day, the attorney
was unprepared for trial, and the Court found the client guilty. Despite advising his client that the
firm would file an appeal on his behalf, neither the Respondent nor the subordinate attorney filed
a timely notice of appeal. The Respondent never advised his client that he might have a viable
post-conviction claim of ineffective assistance of counsel and never advised his client that he had
a conflict of interest in continuing to represent him after he and the subordinate attorney failed to
adequately prepare for trial or file a timely notice of appeal. In addition, between 2015 and 2019,
the Respondent failed to maintain adequate records for the receipt, maintenance, and disbursement
of client funds. During this time, a non-lawyer firm employee authorized to receive client
payments diverted a portion of funds paid by clients to her own personal bank account. Due to the
Respondent's failure to adequately supervise this employee, coupled with his inadequate record-
keeping, the employee was able to steal between $50,000.00 and $100,000.00 in client funds. A
reconciliation of the Respondent's attorney trust account revealed an approximate discrepancy of
$123,000.00, and the attorney trust account could not be fully reconciled due to the Respondent's
mismanagement of the account and poor record-keeping.
McBRIDE, Camille Ramona – Commission Reprimand on September 22, 2025, for failing to
represent her client competently and diligently; failing to abide by the scope of the representation;
failing to adequately communicate with her client; failing to take steps to protect her client’s
interest upon termination of the representation; filing frivolous pleadings; failing to reasonably
expedite litigation; knowingly failing to fully respond to Bar Counsel; and engaging in conduct
that is prejudicial to the administration of justice. The Respondent failed to review court files
associated with her client’s prior family law cases, which resulted in the Respondent making
incorrect statements in the complaint for absolute divorce and child access that she filed on behalf
of her client. The Respondent’s failure to review the status of the prior cases also prevented her
from accurately advising the court and responding to the opposing party’s assertions during trial.
After the Respondent relocated to Florida, the Respondent failed to communicate with her client
regarding her intention to terminate the representation and failed to withdraw her appearance in
the case. The Respondent failed to appear for two remote pretrial conferences in the case and
could not be reached by the court or her client. In addition, the Respondent failed to timely file
tax returns and failed to pay income taxes over a period of several years.
McCOLLUM, James E., Jr. – Disbarment by Consent on July 31, 2025, effective immediately, for
committing a criminal act that reflects adversely on his honesty, trustworthiness, or fitness as an
attorney; engaging in conduct involving dishonesty, fraud, deceit, or misrepresentation; and
engaging in conduct that is prejudicial to the administration of justice. In the U.S. District Court
for District of Maryland, the Respondent pled guilty to one count of willful failure to pay taxes in
violation of Title 26, U.S. Code, Section 7202. Over the course of twenty-four years, the
Respondent failed to timely pay over two million dollars in employment taxes withheld from the
employees of his law firm. The Respondent also failed to timely file his own individual income
tax returns for 2020 through 2023 and failed to pay the federal government over $220,515.00 owed
for 2020 through 2022.
MINTZ, David B. – Disbarred on September 4, 2025, effective immediately, for failing to
represent his clients competently and diligently; failing to adequately communicate with his
clients; collecting unreasonable fees; failing to withdraw from representing his clients when his
physical or mental condition materially impaired his ability to represent the clients; failing to
reasonably expedite litigation; knowingly disobeying obligations under the rules of a tribunal;
knowingly failing to respond to Bar Counsel; engaging in conduct involving dishonesty, fraud,
deceit, or misrepresentation; and engaging in conduct that is prejudicial to the administration of
justice. The violations occurred in connection with the Respondent’s representation of fourteen
clients in matters arising in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Maryland, as
well as his personal bankruptcy filings and his failure to pay state and federal taxes.
MOORE, David Whitfield – Commission Reprimand on January 27, 2026, for representing clients
involving a conflict of interest. A woman hired the Respondent to represent her boyfriend in two
criminal matters. Soon thereafter, the woman was arrested and charged with assaulting her
boyfriend; she also filed a criminal complaint alleging that her boyfriend had assaulted her. Upon
her request, the Respondent agreed to represent her with respect to her own criminal charges but
only as far as the preliminary hearing. The Respondent subsequently entered his appearance in
one of the boyfriend’s criminal cases.
MYERS, Scott Michael – Disbarment by Consent on March 20, 2026, effective immediately, for
failing to adequately communicate with his clients; knowingly failing to respond to Bar Counsel;
engaging in conduct involving dishonesty, fraud, deceit, or misrepresentation; and engaging in
conduct that is prejudicial to the administration of justice. The Respondent’s office was retained
in ongoing construction-related litigation, and the Respondent was solely responsible for
communicating with the clients, handling discovery, and appearing in court for hearings on the
matter. Discovery disputes developed, and a hearing was held on the clients’ discovery violations.
Although the Respondent attended the hearing, he did not advise his clients of the hearing or,
during the hearing, attempt to secure their appearance or communicate with them. Later, a
settlement conference was held, and although the Respondent attended the hearing, he similarly
did not advise his clients of the hearing or, during the conference, attempt to secure their
appearance or communicate with them. The court dismissed the clients’ case due to their
unexplained absences and continued failure to comply with discovery orders. The Respondent
failed to advise both his clients and his senior partner that the clients’ case had been dismissed.
O’BRIEN, Brendan Michael – Suspension by Consent for thirty days on October 23, 2025,
effective December 21, 2025, for committing a criminal act that reflects adversely on his honesty,
trustworthiness, or fitness as an attorney. The Respondent pled guilty to one count of assault in
the second degree.
RADDATZ, Mark R. – Commission Reprimand on August 27, 2025, in a reciprocal action from
the District of Columbia, for violating the District of Columbia Rules of Professional Conduct in
communicating about the subject of representation with a person known to be represented by
counsel and engaging in conduct that seriously interferes with the administration of justice. The
Respondent received an informal admonition in the District of Columbia for communicating with
a represented party without the party’s counsel’s consent and for filing an amended settlement
agreement without proper notice. Thereafter, the Respondent failed to report the discipline to Bar
Counsel.
REDMOND, III, Leonard Clifford – Commission Reprimand on February 20, 2026, for failing to
represent his client competently and diligently. The Respondent made a variety of errors while
administering an estate. He lacked the legal knowledge, experience, and preparation reasonably
necessary for the representation and did nothing to improve his competency.
ROSS, Bryan S. – Indefinite Suspension by Consent on March 20, 2026, in a reciprocal action
from the District of Columbia, for engaging in conduct involving dishonesty, fraud, deceit, or
misrepresentation; and engaging in conduct that is prejudicial to the administration of justice. In
connection with multiple bankruptcy cases in the District of Columbia, Maryland, and Virginia,
the Respondent made misrepresentations to the courts and seriously interfered with the
administration of justice.
ROUSE, Josephia Elease Georgetta – Indefinite Suspension by Consent on November 24, 2025,
effective January 23, 2026, for representing a client involving a conflict of interest, failing to
safekeep funds and make required deposits in an attorney trust account, representing a client with
interests materially adverse to those of a prospective client in the same or a substantially related
matter after receiving information from the prospective client that could be significantly harmful
to that person in the matter, commingling funds, failing to comply with attorney trust account
prohibited transaction requirements, and using trust money for purposes other than the purpose for
which the money is entrusted. The Respondent agreed to represent a client in a divorce action
where the Respondent had previously conducted an initial consultation with the opposing party
and where the Respondent had failed to obtain any waiver(s) of the potential conflict. After the
Respondent’s paralegal identified the potential conflict and informed the client, the Respondent
made a cash withdrawal from her attorney trust account to provide her client with a refund. The
client returned a portion of the cash to the Respondent so that the Respondent’s firm, via an
associate, would continue to represent her. The returned funds were never appropriately deposited
in trust. In addition, seven improper transactions occurred on the Respondent’s attorney trust
account due to the account’s unintentional connection to the Respondent’s mobile payment
applications.
TUCKER, Charles T., Jr. – Suspension for six months on February 20, 2026, effective March 23,
2026, in a reciprocal action from Virginia, for failing to adequately communicate with his client,
knowingly making false statements in connection with a disciplinary matter, and committing a
criminal act that reflects adversely on his honesty, trustworthiness, or fitness as an attorney. While
representing a client in Virginia federal court, the Respondent failed to explain the terms and
conditions of his client’s employment discrimination settlement agreement to the extent reasonably
necessary for his client to make an informed decision about accepting the settlement. The
Respondent also made knowingly false statements to a Virginia State Bar investigator.
WAGNER, Brenda Carol – Reprimand on February 20, 2026, in a reciprocal action from the
District of Columbia, for communicating about the subject of representation with a person known
to be represented by counsel. The Respondent knowingly contacted a represented individual on
two occasions, even though she was aware that he was represented by counsel at that time and
without the consent of his counsel.

